added April relnotes (#796)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/relnotes/index.md

For update instructions, please refer to the [update guide](xref:microsoft.quantum.update).

## Version 0.xx.xxxx.xxxx

> - New support for standalone Q# executables, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# standalone, see [here]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New support for Q# command line applications, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# command line applications, see [here]()
```

> ## Version 0.xx.xxxx.xxxx
> 
> - New support for Q# command line applications, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# command line applications, see [here]()
> 
> 
> *Release date: March 26th, 2020*
> 
> This release contains the following:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Version 0.xx.xxxx.xxxx

- New support for Q# command line applications, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# command line applications, see [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.standalone)

We enable Q# programs to be run without a classical driver.  See [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.standalone) for information on how you can build and run your standalone Q# program either within Visual Studio or VS Code, or from the command line without specifying a Python, C# or other .NET language classical driver.  Standalone Q# offers a great getting-started experience, allowing the new user to focus on the quantum computing code with Q#.  See the updated quantum random number generator Quickstart[xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.qrng]  for an example.  Python and .NET language drivers continue to be supported.  

*Release date: March 26th, 2020*

This release contains the following:

```

For update instructions, please refer to the [update guide](xref:microsoft.quantum.update).

## Version 0.11.2004.2825

- New support for Q# command line applications, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# command line applications, see [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.standalone)

> - Updated quantum random number generator quickstart to no longer require C# or Python host fil. See the updated  [Quickstart](xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.qrng)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Updated quantum random number generator quickstart to no longer require a C# or Python host file. See the updated  [Quickstart](xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.qrng)
```

- Performance improvements to IQ# Docker images

*Release date: March 26th, 2020*

> This release contains the following:

Reviewer 3: Should this date be updated, and these lines moved above the list of notes?

> ## Version 0.11.2004.2825
> 
> - New support for Q# command line applications, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# command line applications, see [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.standalone)
> - Updated quantum random number generator quickstart to no longer require a C# or Python host file. See the updated  [Quickstart](xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.qrng)
> - Performance improvements to IQ# Docker images
> 
> *Release date: March 26th, 2020*
> 
> This release contains the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Version 0.11.2004.2825

*Release date: April 29th, 2020*

This release contains the following:

- New support for Q# command line applications, which no longer require a C# or Python host file. For more information on getting started with Q# command line applications, see [here](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.standalone)
- Updated quantum random number generator quickstart to no longer require a C# or Python host file. See the updated  [Quickstart](xref:microsoft.quantum.quickstarts.qrng)
- Performance improvements to IQ# Docker images

```

For update instructions, please refer to the [update guide](xref:microsoft.quantum.update).

## Version 0.11.2004.2825

> *Release date: April 29th, 2020*

Reviewer 4: will probably be April 30

> *Release date: April 29th, 2020*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Release date: April 30th, 2020*
```
